Who's this beautiful girl?
Oh! Yuck!
Someone needs her dirty diaper changed.
-Come here.
-Here's the stuff.
-While you change her, I'll go pee.
-Sure.
Let's see, is your back dirty?
No, perfect.
Who's the cutest baby?
So cute…
Mariana!
What are you doing?
A NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES
So, half your genes are from that man?
Yes.
That's why I want to meet him,
but there's not much information here.
Do you need my help?
Facebook is for rookies.
All right, help me.
If my mom won't tell me the truth,
we'll find it ourselves.
Right, little penguin?
Right?
Pablo.
Just the man I was looking for.
Me?
What did I do now?
Mariana says you're kind of a math genius.
I have a test coming up.
If I fail, my mom will kill me.
What's your schedule,
and what's your tutoring rate?
I don't know.
Where are you going?
-To the park, with the babies.
-Let's go.
No, it's fine.
You should schedule Ceci's classes.
And keep working on the app,
we need to make progress.
You know
why she doesn't want you to go, right?
She's meeting Elena.
It's fine, no problem.
Mariana and I are good,
working as a team for Regina.
-Alta, are the girls taking their stroll?
-Yes, ma'am.
-Mrs. Mariana is out with them.
-Great.
I won't make it to lunch today, okay?
Or even to dinner.
I texted you today's menus.
Let me know if you need anything.
-Yes, ma'am.
-Thank you.
Ana!
The security guard says
you've been here since 6:00 a.m.
You told me I needed to prove
I have the time and disposition.
This is to prove I do have them.
-Yes, but don't go overboard.
-No, don't worry.
For moms with babies,
days start quite early.
Hey, hey. Enough already.
You're not the first or the last man
who has to work with his lover.
We weren't lovers.
It was a mere transaction.
Exactly.
-You were lovers.
-No.
She wasn't my lover!
We were… two close friends.
Who… occasionally had sex.
Sure, but if you keep seeing her,
you'll be lovers again.
We weren't lovers.
Okay?
I won't lose Ana or my family
over a damn mistake.
Well, lovers or not…
I think you should stop seeing her.
How? Ana asked me to help her
with her business since "she's family."
-Her daughter and grandchild live with me.
-Let's see.
Calm down.
I'll help you with Tere, okay?
I'll help her with her business.
But do something about Mariana.
You have to get her out of there,
she's a time bomb.
And if you ask me,
you were in fact lovers.
Shit.
I always knew your mom was crazy,
but I never knew how much.
I have to go now.
The band's new girl just arrived.
-You'll come to the gig, right?
-Yes, of course.
It'll be my first night out
after giving birth.
I hope my clothes fit.
-Yes, especially with those big boobs.
-Hey.
-Well, I'm off.
-That's mean.
Don't you dare stand me up,
you big fat cow.
PABLO - I FOUND OUT EVERYTHING
ABOUT HALF OF YOUR GENES.
No way.
You're a big-time hacker.
You scored points with me today.
Well, I hope I can beat whatever
Elena scored today.
Oh, come on, Pablo.
Are you still competing with her?
Oh, I'm joking.
I know you're just friends.
And that makes me happy.
I hate it when she and I fight.
Honey, would you turn off the lights?
I need to sleep, I'm exhausted.
Ana, we need to talk.
Really, right now?
Sorry, it's not my fault
there's no other time.
What is it?
Mariana has to go.
-Did something happen?
-No.
It's time for our family
to go back to normal.
Regina has a family
and we'll be there for her.
I don't know what you're waiting for.
For Valentina to drink formula.
You said two weeks tops,
and it's been close to a month.
It's what we agreed on.
You're right, I'll talk to her.
Mariana? Sorry about the costume.
I came from a casting call.
They wanted to see me as Santa.
Your message said
you want me for a kids' party.
Well, actually…
I'm Tere's daughter.
And I want to know how and when you met.
No one ever smiled
at me like your mother did.
I need to know if…
you're my biological father.
Sweetie, that's impossible.
I never slept with your mom.
She had a boyfriend.
Do you happen to know
who that boyfriend was?
I know everything about him.
We became friends after he beat me up.
Ronald, I think
you went a little overboard.
You said shocking and realistic,
that's what I did.
No, I wanted it to look like a rash,
not leprosy.
Fuck!
-What happened to her?
-Nothing, she's fine. It's makeup.
Why?
Juan Carlos wants
Regina and you to move out.
And if Valentina is allergic
to formula, that won't happen.
But why would Juan Carlos
want us out of this house?
We agreed you'd stay for two weeks
and it's been way longer than that.
Ana, come on. He won't buy this.
Of course he will.
Yes.
-Yes.
-Of course he will.
-But of course.
-Yes, I'll make sure he does.
-What's wrong with Valentina?
-Nothing, she's fine.
-It's makeup, it's fake.
-I think it looks great.
It does, but it's not Halloween yet.
Listen, Ceci.
You don't want Regina
and Mariana to leave, do you?
No, of course not.
Well, you'll have to keep this secret.
Really keep it.
Sir?
Come with me, please.
-He's coming.
-What?
-What's wrong with Valentina?
-Formula made her ill.
She's having an allergic reaction.
Her fever's down,
but she threw up all day.
It was horrible, Dad.
Like The Exorcist, she wouldn't stop
vomiting, her head almost spun.
What did the pediatrician say?
That it's not serious.
But she should quit formula
and continue with breast milk.
Yes, until she starts eating solids.
-Oh…
-Not now, she's falling asleep.
-Sir…
-Everything's fine.
You should let the women handle it.
Out you go.
Alta! Why are you laughing?
Hey, I'm sorry.
Traffic was awful.
How are you?
Excuse me, do we know each other?
Yes, you are Tere, right?
-Yes.
-Tere, I'm Víctor.
Juan Carlos's brother.
-Oh…
-Juanqui.
My brother's tied up at work.
He sent me instead.
Sorry, you caught me off guard.
Nice to meet you.
-You too.
-My pleasure.
-Excuse me.
-Thank you.
-A cup of wine, please.
-Sure.
So, Juan told me you need help
setting up your business.
So, here I am, tell me all about it.
Oh, okay, great.
Yes, look, my partner and I
are opening a salon
with different services.
Haircuts, dying, manicure, pedicure.
But we want to specialize in microblading
and luxury facials.
-Look.
-Okay.
What are luxury facials?
Exotic face masks, no one else has them.
That would give us an edge.
That's great. So, what about massages?
It's not a bad idea.
I'm very good at massages.
Really? I'd be a regular client,
I have a horrible sore muscle in my neck.
-Oh, really?
-Yes.
-May I?
I can feel it, it's horrible.
You're stiff.
Well, I don't know if you have the time,
I could give you a massage.
Here?
No, not here, in my apartment.
Okay.
…squared minus P1.
Minus VX times one…
PABLO
I'M TUTORING CECI. WHERE ARE YOU?
MARIANA
ABOUT TO MEET MY BIOLOGICAL FATHER.
HE'S A MATHEMATICAL GENIUS.
I'LL BE BACK LATER :)
…just as any other equation.
That's how precise math is.
Thank you, see you next week.
I never imagined
that story would lead to this.
So, would you agree to a DNA test?
Yes.
It's just that…
this is a lot to take in.
Yes, I understand.
So, you like math?
I hate math.
Why don't we move
to more interesting calculations?
Like, at what age
should one lose their virginity?
I'd say around 17.
I just turned 17, you know?
Ceci, that's not a calculus problem.
By my calculations, you're nervous.
By my calculations,
you think you can do equations,
but you can barely count.
You think I'm privileged, right?
I don't think so.
I know you're privileged.
How do you feel?
I feel very…
relaxed.
And you?
How do you feel?
What's wrong with you?
What? I'm just doing
what any man would do in this situation.
-No!
-What?
What situation?
You had a deal with Juan Carlos,
I thought you'd have one with me--
-Get out of my house.
-Tere…
Yes, you got confused. Get out.
Out!
-What's wrong with you?
-I'm so sorry.
How much do I owe you?
Really? Get out, please.
-Sorry.
-Out!
Why are you so mad?
-I sent my brother to help you.
-You're so cynical!
-Is this your way of helping me?
-Come on…
Tell me what happened.
You had no right to tell
your stupid brother about us.
Especially not so he'd
treat me like a prostitute!
Are you gay or not?
I don't know.
Elena is the first girl I've dated.
I think you should become fully gay.
Leave Pablo and stay with Elena.
You'd be happier that way. I assure you.
You look amazing.
She's getting ready for Elena.
Hey, no. I dressed up
because this is my first night out.
To be honest, I want to feel good.
Do I look like a cow?
If all cows looked like that,
I'd be a cowboy by now.
Child, Olivia is here.
Thanks, Alta.
Well, Pablo…
I'll leave you with the happy cow.
I'm kidding, Mariana, you look great.
Oh, all right.
Thanks for taking care of Regina.
It's your first night out.
That's what we're here for,
to support each other.
Another point in my favor?
Oh, baby.
Bye, sweetie.
Thank you.
Bye.
Are you still here?
Won't you go to the dinner?
Everyone's there.
What dinner?
You weren't invited.
I don't think
it's an important gathering anyway.
Who's going?
The board members and senior officers.
But anyway, ciao mamma.
Cynthia… come here.
Bring me the pants and blouse
I have in case of emergency.
And find out
what restaurant Manolo's going to.
Go!
You needed to see me?
What the hell did you do
to Teresa, you cynical ass?
I didn't do anything, okay?
You were supposed to help her,
not take advantage of her.
It was a misunderstanding.
She said she'd give me a massage.
We went to her apartment and… that's all.
Besides, if you're getting rid of her,
you shouldn't care.
Dammit, Juan Carlos, you care.
-I told you, man.
-Shut up, asshole.
Or else, what?
You'll beat me up?
You're screwed, Juanqui.
You need to do something… and soon.
I don't know if George told you,
but I'm learning Portuguese.
That's interesting.
We need more executives
who can speak Portuguese.
My name is Manolo.
I really like your country.
It's impressive.
Cheers.
-Not bad.
-I'm still learning.
Good evening.
Sorry I'm late, but…
I didn't get the invite.
I'm sorry. I assumed
you'd be busy with the babies.
Yes, yes.
Don't worry.
Good thing Manolo let me in.
Matheus, it's so nice to see you.
I'd like to talk to you.
Brazil is going through
a political crisis.
We must come up with new strategies.
I hope you have time
to hear some of my ideas.
I'm glad you came.
Congratulations.
That was fucking cool, dude!
You're super talented too.
Well, you all are. Amazing!
What matters up there
is feeling what you play. Right, Elena?
I'll go get a drink.
Oh, I need a drink.
It's really hard to consider
women for senior positions.
There are some exceptions here.
What do you mean?
Well, you are a woman,
but you're also brilliant.
That's a hard combo to find.
Well, I know a few.
Maybe, but hiring them
poses a significant risk.
If they get pregnant, we have to pay
for maternity leave and temps.
And once they come back,
their productivity takes a dive.
Need I remind you I closed a huge deal
the day I gave birth
to my lovely daughter?
Which proves women are not just capable,
but that we can excel
at several things at once.
Well, I've always preferred
working with women.
They have prettier legs.
Quite a sexist remark.
Yet another problem with working
with women. No sense of humor.
Ana, please, don't take this personal.
How could I not?
I'm everything he mentioned.
I'm a mom, a woman and an executive.
And you're not helping me
educate these chauvinist men?
Don't drag me into it.
I chose not to have kids.
I'm destined for something greater
than changing diapers.
Oh, oh, okay.
If you'll excuse me, gentlemen.
I am one of those lame women
who have to go change diapers.
But of course…
with very beautiful legs.
-Ana.
-Have a great night.
Good night.
Why the attitude?
Because you're toxic.
You don't even know me.
Fake lesbians like you are all assholes,
mean and full of shit.
Well, real lesbians can also be assholes.
Let me explain
why I think you're full of shit.
You didn't care
about breaking Elena's heart.
You spilled your drink.
Tell me the truth, Elena.
Don't you like me?
Come on, of course I like you.
Fuck!
The fake lesbian was spying on us!
Hey! Come here.
Oh, I knew I'd find you here.
What is it?
-Are you okay?
-Yes. Everything's fine.
Someone just called me
a fake lesbian tease.
But other than that, I'm great.
Well, I just had dinner
with some sexist dickheads.
As if being a mom were an insult.
You know?
We should make a scene
and reclaim our rights.
Yes, we should.
We really should.
I'm really worried.
Why?
Juan Carlos wants me out of his house.
Really? How do you know? Did he tell you?
No, he told Ana,
but I don't understand why.
Ana is only asking for two months,
until Valentina is weaned.
Well, yes. Beats me.
It's weird.
YOUR TEST RESULTS ARE IN YOUR INBOX.
THANK YOU FOR CHOOSING US.
CURIE LABORATORIES.
NEGATIVE MATCH
What's wrong?
Nothing, just some paternity test results.
You asked Pablo for a paternity test?
No, actually, I asked all your ex-lovers.
Yeah, from a guy called Esteban
all the way to Mariano.
But it turns out neither one is my dad.
What gives you the right
to invade my privacy and my past?
Why are you digging around my business?
Well, FYI, your past is my past too.
I won't leave it alone
until you tell me the truth.
So, you want to meet your dad?
Grab your stuff, let's put an end to this.
Come on!
Here?
Are you sure?
No. Hurry up and knock
before I chicken out and run.
What do you want?
I told you not to come here.
I'm pregnant.
Well, congratulations.
It's yours.
What? Do I look like I'm stupid?
God knows how many guys you've slept with.
But you're not pinning that baby on me.
Hey, do you have a problem?
Now, both of you,
get the fuck out of here!
Let's go, Anuar.
-Can I help you?
-Yes.
I want you to meet your daughter, Raúl.
Hello.
I'll tell you the same thing
I told you 20 years ago.
This brat isn't my daughter.
God knows how many fuckers you slept with.
You won't get a cent from me.
No, no.
We want nothing from you.
I just wanted to meet you.
You know what? You're right.
I couldn't be the daughter
of an arrogant bastard like you.
Really? Attack! Go on!
Mariana! Wait.
The keys, get your keys.
Go on.
Here's one
for all you've done to me, motherfucker!
Run!
-Ana, here's a list of questions.
-Yeah.
-Tell me what you think.
-All right.
Ana…
what are your babies
and all these people doing here?
-Jorge, how are you?
-Fine.
Look, this is Lorenza.
This is Jorge Benítez, my boss.
He's the champion behind all this.
You should take
the chance to interview him.
Of course, Jorge.
-Hello, Lorenza, nice to meet you.
-Hi, nice to meet you.
But interview me? Why?
Don't be modest, Jorge.
Ana told me you've promoted
innovative gender-equality policies
within the company.
And you've placed women
in leadership positions.
Tell us all about it, Jorge.
Please, have a seat.
-I can call you Jorge, right?
-Yes, sure.
There's nothing sexier
than a man who respects women.
Thank you.
Tell us.
He was my high school teacher.
I was dazzled by him.
But he turned out to be a jerk.
Anuar was my best friend,
he offered to help me raise you.
The fighting drove us apart
when you were still little.
Forgive me, honey,
I know I should've told you before.
It's okay, Mom.
You were trying to protect me.
Yeah.
My girl.
Don't you want to work?
No.
I'm overwhelmed. Too much crap lately.
It turns out my dad's a jerk.
Juan Carlos wants to kick me out,
and Elena's friends
treated me like shit, man.
For what it's worth…
I love you.
A lot.
What? Why did you do that?
Sorry, dude.
You're the queen of mixed signals.
-Me?
-Yeah.
But I've always been clear.
Clear?
Sorry, but you want the world
to revolve around you.
And that's not cool.
We need to talk.
-No, I don't want to see you, go away.
-No, Teresa, just listen to me.
I know what my brother did.
I had no idea, he's an asshole!
-You told him about us.
-Wait.
Because he showed me the app
where I met you, that's why.
I'm nothing like him.
If you didn't want to help me,
you could've given Ana an excuse.
-It's that simple.
-I wanted to help you.
Sending your brother in your place?
Ever since I saw you again,
I realized I can't be near you.
No, okay, yes.
Wait, no, no.
No, stop!
This can't happen again.
Tell Ana we're done
with the business plan.
I'll find a way to pay you back,
but let's stop.
Even if you pay me back,
we'll still see each other.
Your daughter lives in my house.
Teresa, please, convince Mariana
to move back with you.
How?
Only Ana and Mariana can decide
when to leave their daughters.
You know what?
Everyone's priority should be the babies.
You're right, I'm wrong.
I came to apologize.
No, Mariana, I should apologize
for the way Natalia treated you.
I didn't know you had something with her.
It's just a fling, that's all.
But she's super jealous of you.
Tell her she shouldn't be.
I don't want to hurt you.
Or send you mixed signals.
And I don't want
to abuse what you are to me.
What am I to you?
Well… we're best friends, right?
I don't want
to get in the way of your relationship.
Ouch.
I guess it's normal, huh?
What I feel is what it must feel like
to go from girlfriend
to friend, naturally.
I'm sorry.
Can I give you a hug
without it being confusing?
Why don't you sit?
Juan Carlos
won't like it if he sees me here.
Come on, Mariana.
You're part of the family.
-Sit down.
-No.
Seriously, I don't want to be
a source of conflict.
Why? What happened?
Dad wants to kick Mariana
out of the house.
No, no.
Dad just thinks
it's time to go back to normal.
But I don't want to go back to normal.
-No, me neither.
-Neither do I, ma'am.
Me neither.
Mariana, you're more than welcome here.
Please, sit down.
What happened?
Why the sudden change of heart?
I realized these girls are our priority.
And, given the circumstances,
you two know what's best for them.
If this is the new normal,
I'm willing to accept it.
Thank you.
Come here.
Oh, look!
-What?
-Look what I just got.
-What is it?
-It's cool, right?
MOTHER, EXECUTIVE, ENTREPRENEUR
Amazing, Mom!
-It is, right?
-I'll be the envy of all my enemies.
Oh, I'm so happy!
-What?
-Happy?
-Yes.
-Oh, Ceci.
What? It's true.
You're admirable.
Let's eat.
-She's happy.
-She's so happy.
What did I miss?
Alta, pour me some wine, please.
What year?
I'm having dinner…
Subtitles translated by: